 https://codepen.io/JonahLittle/pen/jOPbbQy?editors=1100

   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Code that provides context and structure.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Displaying content on a webpage, and creating visual structure.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
It is a way to tell programmers/the computer how to display or read the information. It wraps around the information.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
It's for the header. Usually used just once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
image, and link.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 A title.
    7. What is an id?
 It's like a reference or link to the CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Specific things like a paragraph, or a header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
    10. What is a class? 
A group of things with the same styling
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Div, section
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Copy and paste the link into a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
 The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image or text if a user for some reason cannot view it 
    15. How do I reference an id?
Id =""
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The section element represents a generic section of a document or application. A section, in this context, is a thematic grouping of content, typically with a heading.The div element has no special meaning at all. It represents its children..
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Making the HTML information look good.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page just h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
If you have multiple groups of info that can all be styled the same way with classes. You can style all paragraphs, or a section of your webpage. Using ids are more specific. The header or a single element on a page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
."NameOfClass"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A CSS selector with multiple identifiers. Useful in a class with multiple different elements in it. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div a .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{ borer-style: dotted;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
global selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
/*"comment"*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
enter del /f filename. It's scary because it's permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It's safer. You don't lose progress if things crash.
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
When there's a major change/ as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
It goes add, commit, push. Add will save changes, commit creates a name for the save state, push gives that information to github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 